Cover is a program for analyzing the coverage profiles generated by 'go test
-coverprofile=cover.out'.

Cover is also used by 'go test -cover' to rewrite the source code with
annotations to track which parts of each function are executed (this is referred
to "instrumentation"). Cover can operate in "legacy mode" on a single Go source
file at a time, or when invoked by the Go tool it will process all the source
files in a single package at a time (package-scope instrumentation is enabled
via "-pkgcfg" option).

When generated instrumented code, the cover tool computes approximate basic
block information by studying the source. It is thus more portable than
binary-rewriting coverage tools, but also a little less capable. For instance,
it does not probe inside && and || expressions, and can be mildly confused by
single statements with multiple function literals.

When computing coverage of a package that uses cgo, the cover tool must be
applied to the output of cgo preprocessing, not the input, because cover deletes
comments that are significant to cgo.

For usage information, please see:

    go help testflag
    go tool cover -help


Usage of 'go tool cover':
Given a coverage profile produced by 'go test':
	go test -coverprofile=c.out

Open a web browser displaying annotated source code:
	go tool cover -html=c.out

Write out an HTML file instead of launching a web browser:
	go tool cover -html=c.out -o coverage.html

Display coverage percentages to stdout for each function:
	go tool cover -func=c.out

Finally, to generate modified source code with coverage annotations
for a package (what go test -cover does):
	go tool cover -mode=set -var=CoverageVariableName \
		-pkgcfg=<config> -outfilelist=<file> file1.go ... fileN.go

where -pkgcfg points to a file containing the package path,
package name, module path, and related info from "go build",
and -outfilelist points to a file containing the filenames
of the instrumented output files (one per input file).
See https://pkg.go.dev/cmd/internal/cov/covcmd#CoverPkgConfig for
more on the package config.

Flags:
  -V	print version and exit
  -func string
    	output coverage profile information for each function
  -html string
    	generate HTML representation of coverage profile
  -mode string
    	coverage mode: set, count, atomic
  -o string
    	file for output
  -outfilelist string
    	file containing list of output files (one per line) if -pkgcfg is in use
  -pkgcfg string
    	enable full-package instrumentation mode using params from specified config file
  -var string
    	name of coverage variable to generate (default "GoCover")

  Only one of -html, -func, or -mode may be set.
